README: change example config to voxpupuli (#308)
voxpupuli/modulesync: README.md

ModuleSync is a gem that uses the GitHub workflow to clone, update, and push module
repositories. It expects to be activated from a directory containing
configuration for modulesync and the modules, or you can pass it the location

> of this configuration directory. [The configuration for the Voxpupuli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of this configuration directory. [The configuration for the Vox Pupuli
```

> modules](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_configs), can be used as an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modules](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config), can be used as an
```
